feedlyOpenInBackground/README.md, before:

This script opens the currently-selected post in Feedly in a new background tab using the semicolon key.

NOTE: this only works for the collapsed-titles layout - see the linked extension for more robust handling.

---

#### Changelog
* 1.0 (1/10/20)
  * Initial release
* 1.1 (1/14/20)
  * Also support when current post is opened/expanded
* 1.2 (7/24/20)
  * Add Firefox support (different hotkey code)
* 1.3 (1/28/21)
  * Update selectors to fix for Feedly updates (thanks, njascgil!)
  * Tabs now open at end of list instead of right next to the feedly tab in reverse order (thanks, njascgil!)

---

Source: [GitHub](https://github.com/theborg3of5/Userscripts/tree/master/feedlyOpenInBackground)

Available on [Greasy Fork](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/394974-feedly-open-in-background-tab) for easy installation.

Based on [Feedly Background Tab](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/feedly-background-tab/gjlijkhcebalcchkhgaiflaooghmoegk) by Aaron Saray ([source](https://github.com/aaronsaray/feedlybackgroundtab)).

Commit message:

Add note to all README files about directing issues to GitHub.

feedlyOpenInBackground/README.md, after:

This script opens the currently-selected post in Feedly in a new background tab using the semicolon key.

NOTE: this only works for the collapsed-titles layout - see the linked extension for more robust handling.

---

#### Changelog
* 1.0 (1/10/20)
  * Initial release
* 1.1 (1/14/20)
  * Also support when current post is opened/expanded
* 1.2 (7/24/20)
  * Add Firefox support (different hotkey code)
* 1.3 (1/28/21)
  * Update selectors to fix for Feedly updates (thanks, njascgil!)
  * Tabs now open at end of list instead of right next to the feedly tab in reverse order (thanks, njascgil!)

---

Source: [GitHub](https://github.com/theborg3of5/Userscripts/tree/master/feedlyOpenInBackground ). Please direct all issues/questions there.

Available on [Greasy Fork](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/394974-feedly-open-in-background-tab ) for easy installation.

Based on [Feedly Background Tab](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/feedly-background-tab/gjlijkhcebalcchkhgaiflaooghmoegk ) by Aaron Saray ([source](https://github.com/aaronsaray/feedlybackgroundtab )).
