youtubeRSSExport/README.md, before:

This script adds an export button to the subscription section of the youtube sidebar, that generates an OPML file of RSS feeds for your subscriptions. The OPML file can be imported into RSS readers to track your subscriptions as RSS feeds.

![Screenshot of button in subscriptions section of YouTube sidebar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/theborg3of5/Userscripts/master/youtubeRSSExport/buttonInSidebar.jpg)

### How to Use
1. Load a youtube "home" page (something that has the subscriptions list in the sidebar on the left).
2. Expand the list of subscriptions in the sidebar (click the "Show X More" button) - the script can only include feeds for channels that appear in the sidebar.
3. Click the button to download your OPML file, and import it in the RSS reader of your choice.

---

#### Changelog
* 1.0 (12/12/20)
  * Initial release
* 1.1 (1/31/21)
  * Fix issue with slightly-differently-formatted links in sidebar
* 1.2 (2/6/21)
  * Add a fallback method for figuring out where to put the button when we can't find a "Subscriptions" label (use the second section header).
* 1.3 (3/3/21)
  * Reduce styling around button so it stays outside of the first subscription's click target.
* 1.4 (3/18/21)
  * Move option into the extension (Tampermonkey, Greasemonkey, etc.) menu instead of trying to add a button to YouTube's ever-variable layout.

---

Source: [GitHub](https://github.com/theborg3of5/Userscripts/tree/master/youtubeRSSExport ). Please direct all issues/questions there.

Available on [Greasy Fork](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/418574-export-youtube-subscriptions-to-rss-opml ) for easy installation.

Commit message:

Drop mentions of old trigger method (cramming button into sidebar).
Also add a notice asking people to include HTML with their issues.

youtubeRSSExport/README.md, after:

This script adds an export button to the subscription section of the youtube sidebar, that generates an OPML file of RSS feeds for your subscriptions. The OPML file can be imported into RSS readers to track your subscriptions as RSS feeds.

### How to Use
1. Load a youtube "home" page (something that has the subscriptions list in the sidebar on the left).
2. Expand the list of subscriptions in the sidebar (click the "Show X More" button) - the script can only include feeds for channels that appear in the sidebar.
3. Click the extension option to download your OPML file.
4. Import it in the RSS reader of your choice.

If you get an invalid OPML file or are missing subscriptions that you expect, please include your subscription sidebar's HTML in your GitHub issue, as I've no way to tell what YouTube is serving any given user/browser/operating system.

---

#### Changelog
* 1.0 (12/12/20)
  * Initial release
* 1.1 (1/31/21)
  * Fix issue with slightly-differently-formatted links in sidebar
* 1.2 (2/6/21)
  * Add a fallback method for figuring out where to put the button when we can't find a "Subscriptions" label (use the second section header).
* 1.3 (3/3/21)
  * Reduce styling around button so it stays outside of the first subscription's click target.
* 1.4 (3/18/21)
  * Move option into the extension (Tampermonkey, Greasemonkey, etc.) menu instead of trying to add a button to YouTube's ever-variable layout.

---

Source: [GitHub](https://github.com/theborg3of5/Userscripts/tree/master/youtubeRSSExport ). Please direct all issues/questions there.

Available on [Greasy Fork](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/418574-export-youtube-subscriptions-to-rss-opml ) for easy installation.
